(JinSoul who is shooting her individual cut!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - LOONATIC"
Kim Lip: I said that I’m very scared of English…
Choerry: Now I'm foreigner. Talk to me first.
(The mission is to talk with a local staff!)
(It looks like her English is not bad!)
Kim Lip: Mission complete!
Choerry: We all are frozen!
'Are you good at speaking English?'
JinSoul: Yes. I’m good at speaking English!
(He doesn’t know well them but he thinks the music is his type of thing!)
(Kim Lip & JinSoul promoting their music to the staff)
KIm Lip: If you want to be good at English,
Kim Lip: You have to face it!
JinSoul: You just need to know words!
JinSoul: I think that’s English!
(Now she overcomes a fear of English?)